We recently learned from the national
security director, a director of U.S.
Director of National Intelligence,
that Iran is funding
and promoting anti-Israel
protests in America.
They want to disrupt America.
So these protesters burned
American flags even on the 4th of July.
And I wish to salute
the fraternity brothers
at the University of North Carolina
who protected the American flag,
protected the American flag against these
anti-Israel protesters.
For all we know,
Iran is funding
the anti-Israel protests
that are going on
right now outside this building.
Not that many, but they're there
and throughout the city.
Well, I have a message
for these protesters.
When the tyrants of Tehran
who hang gays from cranes
and murder women
for not covering
their hair are praising,
promoting and funding you.
You have officially become
Iran's useful idiots.
Some of these protesters.
That's amazing.
Absolutely amazing.
Some of these protesters
hold up signs proclaiming gays for Gaza.
They might as well hold up
signs saying chickens for KFC.
These protesters chant
from the river to the sea.
But many don't have a clue what river
and what sea they're talking about.
They're not only good enough
in geography,
they've got enough in history.
They call Israel.
They call Israel a colonialist state.
Don't they know that the land of Israel
is where Abraham, Isaac,
and Jacob prayed,
where Isaiah and Jeremiah preach,
and where David and Solomon ruled?
For nearly 4000 years.
The land of Israel has been the homeland
of the Jewish people.
It's always been our home.
It will always be our home.
It's not only the campus protesters
who get it wrong.
It's also the people
who run those campuses.
80 years after the Holocaust.
The presidents of Harvard, Penn.
And I'm ashamed to say,
my alma mater, MIT,
couldn't bring themselves
to condemn
the calls for the genocide of Jews.
You remember what they said?
They said it depends on the context.
Well, let me give these
befuddled academics a little context.
anti-Semitism is the world's
oldest hatred.
For centuries.
The massacre of Jews was always preceded
by wild accusations.
We were accused of everything
from poisoning wells
to spreading plagues,
to using the blood
of slaughtered children
to make Passover martyrs.
These preposterous anti-Semitic lies
led to persecution, mass murder,
and ultimately to history's
worst genocide. The Holocaust.
Now, just as malicious lies
were leveled for centuries
at the Jewish people.
Malicious lies are now being leveled at
the Jewish state.
No, no, don't applaud.
Listen.
The outrageous slanders that paint Israel
as racist and genocidal
are meant to delegitimize Israel.
To demonize the Jewish state
and to demonize Jews everywhere.
And no wonder,
no wonder we've witnessed
an appalling rise of anti-Semitism
in America and around the world.
My friends,
whenever and wherever
we see the scourge of anti-Semitism,
we must unequivocally condemn it
and resolute to fight it.
Without exception.
And don't be fooled.
When the blood libels
against the Jewish state
come from people who wear
fancy silk robes and speak in lofty tones
about law and justice.
Here's a case in point.
The prosecutor
of the International Criminal Court
has shamefully accused Israel.
He continued to bring back to Iran,
the country that is,
by all accounts, funding and supporting
not just Hamas in Gaza, but Hezbollah
in the north, in Lebanon and the Houthis.
So this is
this was
another really important
overarching theme.
You know, that
Netanyahu, understandably,
has been obsessed with the
the growth and the strength
and the determination of Iran
to eradicate Israel.
And what he did here
was to continue to connect
for an American audience
and an Israeli audience.
But Israel
doesn't need to be educated on this,
but more for an American audience
that Iran isn't just out for Israel.
Iran is out for Americans
to topple American democracy.
No. That's right.
And he called the protesters
Iran's useful idiots.
Relish going
after the protesters,
saying that they didn't
realize, did not know the history,
know the context,
know how oppressive
the Iranian regime is.
And he relished it.
I mean, this was,
you know, he was going
after these protesters,
going after the leaders
of some of these schools.
He called them befuddled academics.
We're ten months into this conflict.
We're 100 days out
from a presidential election.
In some ways,
the conflict has fallen off the radar
of many Americans.
It's going to start back up, right.
If you think about what's happening
in the context
of some of these campus protesters,
they're going to go back to school.
There's going to be a DNC convention
in Chicago
expected to be a lot of protesters.
There.
So this is very much
going to be top of mind
heading into this election.
And we don't quite know.
We don't have,
you know, an idea
yet of what
Trump would really do in office.
It's something he hasn't really detailed.
And we also don't know,
what a Kamala Harris
administration would do
and how that would be different
from a Biden administration
to think of that reception
he received in the Congress.
So that was powerful.
It was powerful.
Listen, and these are Republicans
mostly, a lot of the Democrats income,
although some Democrats were there
and they were standing up and cheering.
And listen, there is a sense,
that Americans do
need to be more educated
on what's going on
there, on the history of anti-Semitism,
on the ways
in which,
antisemitism tropes led to the Holocaust.
And so there was a teachable
moments, right?
when he was trying to educate people
in terms of the history.
Jeremy Diamond is in Israel, and Jeremy,
I wanted to ask you about the hostages.
And I talked to right before this speech
to the parents of one of the,
Israeli and American hostages,
Don Alexander.
And there were
they the parents were there
other family members of hostages?
Were there?
We didn't.
We did see the Prime minister,
call out some of them,
acknowledge some of them.
And then when it comes
to the big question that they all have,
when are my family members
going to come home? He did promise that.
But just like David
and Barack were saying, not a lot knew
that we heard from him
about getting to that point
with a deal with Hamas,
with the help of Qatar and America.
Yeah, that's right,
that I think
the Israeli prime
minister paid a lot of lip service
to the issue of the hostages.
He talked about it
during a section of his speech.
But if you look
at the overall context of the speech,
the overall content of what
the Israeli prime minister said,
he talked far,
far more about achieving victory
in this war
against Hamas,
about destroying
Hamas's military capabilities and,
vowing
we will fight until we achieve victory.
He said some, a phrase, like that
a few different times
throughout the speech,
he talked about that
far more than he did.
This ceasefire agreement, which U.S.
officials, as well as Israeli officials
have indicated to me in recent
days, is very much within reach.
One official actually told me
that it's now up to Israel,
and it's now up to the Israeli
prime minister, effectively to decide
whether or not he actually wants a deal.
And as Barack was saying there,
the Israeli prime
minister has told his delegation
to hold off on traveling,
to, meet with the mediators
and share Israel's
latest response
until after
he meets with President Biden tomorrow,
effectively pushing off,
that trip by the delegation
most likely until after Shabbat.
So that would probably be on Sunday.
But I think beyond that, Dan,
I think what we also need to do here
is fact
check a few key
things that the Israeli Prime
Minister said,
because he made several claims here
that attempted
to not only defend the Israeli
military's conduct in Gaza,
but that also flew in the face of
many of the facts on the ground
when he was talking about the ICC's claim
that Israel is starving people of Gaza.
You know, he
he talked about big numbers of aid
getting in,
but there is just very,
very clear evidence.
You talk to any humanity, an organization
that actually works on the ground
in Gaza, the United Nations.
And even when you look at Israel
in the way
that they have turned on
and back off the faucet of aid to Gaza,
there is clear evidence
that Israel has not always allowed enough
aid in that.
They have not done enough
to conflict militarily,
to provide safe routes
for that aid to get in.
And you also have to remember that
ministers, members of his
of Netanyahu's own government
called for starving the people of Gaza
in the earliest days of the war.
Then he also made this
frankly laughable claim
that there are practically
no civilians who were killed in Rafah.
I can think of several strikes
in which civilians were killed.
So that just doesn't
even pass the smell test.
And then he once again cited,
this West Point
expert, John Spencer, claiming
that Israel has the lowest
civilian casualty ratio.
You talk to any other expert
on the conduct of militaries in warfare,
including how the United States
has carried out its campaigns.
And they will all say that
Israel has not taken,
nearly as many precautions
as most modern militaries do,
in warfare in Gaza.